# Many Economists

**Purpose:**

The Many-Economists project is a follow-up to [Huntington-Klein et al., 2021](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/ecin.12992), 
which you can find summarized [here](https://twitter.com/nickchk/status/1374058480219213824). 
In that study, multiple researchers each performed independent replications of two original studies, 
and we looked for differences between the decisions that had been made. 
Not only did results differ across researchers, but so did plenty of decisions 
at both the analytic and data-cleaning stages.

In this new project, we plan to recruit up to 200 researchers to independently 
complete the same research task. 
Then, there will be several rounds where you will revise your original results. 
These will follow either peer review, or a change in the research task that 
standardizes some of the choices made, for example providing a data set in which 
key variables are pre-prepared instead of having researchers create their own. 
Without revealing the specific hypotheses of the project, these multiple rounds 
of revision will allow us to better understand the parts of research that are 
least standardized across researchers, whether standardization of research 
methods is desirable, and what tools might be most effective in standardizing 
research decisions, if that is desirable.

The pre-registration for the study design and analysis plan is available through
[OSF](https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/CJ9YX). 

## Directory structure

You need the following directories for the code to run:

- raw_data: original data files.
- code: data cleaning, variables, and analysis
- data: derived data files and results
- figures: generated figures and other figures for paper
- tables: generated tables

In addition, the following directories has writing in them:

- paper: the paper itself in qmd format, which produces a pdf and a tex file
- presentations: various presentations, each its own qmd file


##  Generating files

All figures, tables, and pdfs are generated by running `make`.
If you want only a specific file use `make <fileName>`.
See the "Makefile" in the base directory for more information 
on what files are included.


